---
layout: posts
title:  "Drake Insurance Innovation Lab Internship"
date:   2024-09-05 19:36:07 +0000
highlight_home: true
categories: work
tags: Internships SQL Python
description: This is a description of my internship with DIIL.
header:
  overlay_image: "/assets/images/background4.jpg"
  teaser: "/assets/images/drake.png"
  caption: "Photo credit: [Unsplash](https://www.unsplash.com/)"
---
> My experience with Drake Insurance Innovation Lab Internship.

# Drake Insurance Innovation Lab Internship
I am excited to get started this fall with a new internship through the University:

• As the group’s **Data Analyst**, set to develop strategic solutions for **Wellabe's** new
rewards program launch, delivering recommendations to senior executives.

• Scheduled for discussions with leaders from **Global Insurance Accelerator** and
**BrokerTech Ventures** on mentorship and accelerator processes.

• Will attend regulatory and investment strategy seminars with Iowa Insurance
Commissioner and venture capitalists.

• Preparing to analyze innovation practices with ten carriers and brokers, leading to an
**additional consulting project next spring**.

# Official Consluting Proposal
**Data Analysis** – Tags/Segments: – given access and exposure to Snowflake and or Databricks.  

**Objective**: Optimize engagement personalization using data analysis. Considering how important personalization is to our program, identify how you would segment our population and why? Highlight the value to the program, how these segments impact engagement, and what does your research show.  

• Wellabe to provide De-identified Data: 

  • **Deep Sync/B2E**: Analyze customer data to identify patterns related to Experian, publicly available data.  

  • **Purchase/Product**: Explore customer segmentation based on purchasing behavior, state, product, user demographic data (male, female, age) 

  • **Claims**: Study insurance claims data to identify type of claims, time of claims (is there an increase during a specific time).  

• **Proposed Tags/Segments**: Develop data-driven tags and segments that allow personalized communication and provide recommendations.  

### Additional work: